yo guys what is up hug for gaming tips
here and today i'm typing by accident
okay but i'm bringing guys soldier front
2 it's a free to play game i believe
uh-huh and it's pretty fun game so just
a little live commentary i feel like
doing and I'm gonna lag for a minute
because we're still connecting to the
host I literally just joined this and I
think it literally just started so I was
perfect timing on everything oh gosh got
my pistol out do I got a grenade yes I
do oh and i believe i'm using these star
H so I believe this is a no decent
weapon Oh God got one I got one Rubik's
Cube 4711 oh and as you can see were
winning I think by 39 or is that US
morning I'm not even sure more Oh got
him oh yeah I guess I'm the red team Oh
am I the red team holy crap why what
team I'm on oh I can just look ok so
we're winning good I like winning my
favorite hobby
Oh God okay I got to get out the scar
here kind of late it was a little bit
like a mini five just a little bit
oh wow I just look those guys up Wow
what's where a 5 and 0 1 first place
here comes someone I know I'm through it
Oh Oh God every load Oh God we're blind
we're blind where are they where are
they here we go here we go oh cuz they
just overnight at us oh man oh God hit
us with the grenade works true oh I was
pretty quick that stain I was running
for my life Robert yeah guys if you guys
enjoy this game let me know and I'll
bring you guys some more and remember to
drink for you to leave a like that
really does help me a lot and subscribe
if you're new here I upload daily that
is one sick weapon that has let's so
that over and what we're gonna do is
jump out take him out okay just gonna
take cover for a minute I'm think blind
oh god oh my god holy crap where where
am I getting shot from oh that crack I
don't know what's going on anymore
everyone's dying around me all this
pictures roughing up what she is
okay let's see if we can get any shots
off of that
okay that wasn't pretty
alright let's just kind of wait here
kind of suppress some fire oh man you
got me what other weapons do I have
that's for it okay well we're 6 and 2
now we're not doing too well compared to
what we were doing we were doing pretty
well let's go down this way oh god I
want this I've been wanting to lose this
oh I'm I'm pissed I wanted to use that
that thing looks sick I'm going back for
it here it is oh man maybe it's just bad
luck Tony bullets I got plenty not many
this is so sick looking man the sig 552
it probably doesn't work well when
you're blind
come on oh come on come around this
corner I'm gonna pop some heads man
Hopsin hey oh god your name oh yeah got
one of them oh man that's it that's a
nice gun I want one look at that sniper
and I'm l96 it looks like probably all
right let's go over here and throw an
eight oh no grenade and as they're kind
of running around kind of pop them off
Oh God can bullets go through this I
guess
Oh what's up oh god there's one here I
just froze and what what what that's not
even right that's stupid I didn't even
do anything that sucked I was stupid
push me off we're doing pretty good
though squirrel eyes are keen donate
here oh god there we go oh god we'll
keep going blind from these stupid flash
bangs okay there goes another fold
they're throwing at it okay we're behind
this corner not no more man this guy is
dangerous wherever he is
I think there's two behind alright this
is not looking good they're there
they're actually doing pretty well now
they are there they're actually doing
pretty well yeah you didn't wind up nice
try holy crap there's a lot of which
weapon types f1 it's still not letting
me switch oh I see how that works now
we'll use the shotgun next life since
we're not doing too well with this thing
okay let's pick up our old so I think Oh
Oh God crap all right now we got a
shotgun the orient the Remington 870 I
believe I almost bought this gun in real
life at the setup bottom mossberg 500 I
kind of really Gil
so Oh welcome back son all right let's
go and put some more shells in this this
ain't sick okay you just got to keep it
loaded oh man oh they time that shot
perfectly that sucks let's go down this
way along this wall here and try to find
him OOP Oh God so much action so much
lag oh oh man cover me cover me no one
would cover me oh man all right let's go
down this way oh man look at that guy
he's got it really going on some people
play this competitively I don't so
that's the difference I got better gains
to play competitively in my opinion
that's not that's not saying if she
plays competitively you don't have any
games someone saying I'm just saying
this ain't for me I like if I was gonna
play him like this that's competitive
it'd be a kind of fight oh god I'm
reloading man that guy sucked a lot wow
I just took out four right there victory
son ended it how I wanted to end it
hopefully you guys enjoyed it if you did
drop a light feel free to subscribe
upload daily and that's how you get a
victory right dirt peace